[Mujin] Savage
gods, evil beasts,
messengers from heaven,
heroes who changed the world.
Your opponents
will borrow powers
from beings that transcend
human understanding.
That is what God of
High School is about.
(upbeat music)
♪ You make it look easy ♪
♪ I'm thinkin' hard right now ♪
♪ 'Cause I know
that you want me ♪
♪ From the inside out ♪
♪ You got me speechless ♪
♪ Opening my mouth ♪
♪ I was keeping it secret ♪
♪ But the word got out ♪
♪ You're fast,
then you're slow ♪
♪ Why you call, then you fold ♪
♪ You're luring me out now ♪
♪ Till the walls come down ♪
♪ Yes, then you're no ♪
♪ But I'm not letting go ♪
♪ I'll be your contradiction ♪
♪ Contradiction ♪
♪ You're fast,
then you're slow ♪
♪ Why you cold, then
you're forward ♪
♪ You're fast,
then you're slow ♪
♪ Yes, then you're no ♪
♪ But I'm not letting go ♪
♪ I'll be your contradiction ♪
(audience cheering)
[Announcer] It begins at last!
The National God of
High School Tournament!
The first match in Group A
is between the teams from
North Chungcheong and Seoul!
Due to a recent rule change,
instead of individual winners,
this match will be fought
as a team tournament
and will consist
of three rounds.
The first team that manages
to score two victories wins!
All right then!
I'll handle the first fight.
Be careful out there.
They might use that charyeok
stuff he told us about.
Not a problem.
I've got a new weapon of my own.
The wait is finally over!
The first round will be fought
by Mori Jin and Gidong Nah!
Ready, go!
It sucks for you, getting
matched up with me.
I'll clean the floor
with you in a second.
But not before I show you
my brand new move!
These pressure points
boost my power.
So that sucks for you
'cause now my attacks
will be way stronger!
He can thank me for
that little secret.
And Taejin's TaeKwonDo will
become a thing of the past.
Now, let's do this!
I, I can't move, I hit
the wrong pressure points.
(Mori Jin screaming)
-(kicks thudding)
-(both grunting)
[Announcer] Winner: Gidong Nah!
Yeah, I knew I'd win!
I should've stuck with
TaeKwonDo instead.
[Gidong] Did you
see what I did, bro?
You see me win?
Yeah, job well done.
It was one win, don't get cocky.
[Announcer] Now, let's move
on to the second round.
If we mess this one
up too, we're out.
You better win this round.
If you lose like that
idiot, I'll kick your ass.
[Announcer] Now
the second round:
Daewi Han versus Pum Kwang Jin!
At age 38, Pum Kwang Jin
happens to be the oldest fighter
competing in this tournament.
(audience cheering)
Wait, that guy's 38 and
still in high school?
There's no way.
Hey, what can I say?
You're never too
old to learn, right?
(laughs maniacally) Fantastic.
The great Q laying at
my feet like a ragdoll.
It's so pathetic, I
can't help but laugh.
That pointy little
sunglasses-wearing bastard
met a hell of an end too.
He came crawling, begging me
to spare his miserable life.
And since I'm a nice guy,
I gave him a quick
and merciful death.
And his wife and kid, so
they could be together.
(laughs maniacally)
(flesh gushing)
(Drake screams)
(upbeat music)
Hey, man,
let me know when you're
done monologuing.
(blows softly)
I'm real sick of
hearing your voice.
So die.
(device beeps)
-(audience cheering)
-(punches thudding)
Working Man's Style:
Rice Bag Toss!
Working Man's Style: Nail Pound!
Daewi...
Now to finish this off.
Black Tortoise!
Vermilion Bird!
White Tiger!
(punches thudding)
Bro, you good?
It'll be fine.
He won't lose here.
That's just who he is.
He never gives up
no matter what.
Yes, even back then.
[Girl 1] I heard
that guy's planning
to take a high
school entrance exam.
[Girl 2] Really? At his age?
Right?
Not only that, but he's
already failed three times.
I dunno what the dude's thinking
but damn, like,
talk about pathetic.
Totally.
(all giggling)
Yo, aren't you girls
still in school?
Haven't you heard? Smoking
makes you die young.
Yeah, you're right.
Ugh, what a jerk.
[Gidong] Hey, bro.
Got the reference
materials you asked for.
[Pum Kwang] Oh, thanks.
Hey, I'm the one who
should be thanking you.
If not for you dude,
I'd still be wasting my life
and getting into pointless
fights every day.
[Girl 1] Thinking
he's better than us.
[Girl 2] Yeah, what an ass.
[Jangmi] I guess
that's what it means
to be a failure at life.
I'm never going to be like that.
Ever.
[Girl 1] Weren't these same
two in the finals last year?
[Girl 2] Oh, well I know
they've faced each other
tons of times.
But the winner is always...
[Jangmi] I can do this!
The winner: Nayeon Kim!
(audience applauding)
-Yes!
-You did it!
-(all laughing)
-Way to go!
-(rain pattering)
-(soft music)
(Jangmi Jang screams)
Aw, look what you did.
So, you okay?
My name's Pum Kwang, by the way.
I'm aware.
The girls talk about you.
(laughs) Bet they're
not saying good things!
I don't get it.
I don't see how you
can just laugh it off.
You keep failing
the entrance exam.
They make fun of you
saying you'll never pass.
Why not give up?
Because I won't
give up on myself.
Look, I'm not very
good at studying,
I actually went to high
school once before,
but then I dropped out.
I've tried a lot of
different things since then
but none of them
seemed to really stick.
And the reason's simple,
basically, I'd pretty
much given up on myself.
My thinking was, there
was no way I could do it.
Then I decided I'm
seeing this through
and I'm never gonna
give up on myself again.
You shouldn't give up either.
As long as you don't, you'll
wind up where you wanna be.
[Jangmi] What a fool.
But, the truly
foolish one was...
(upbeat rock music)
The answer to that
one is k equals 1/2.
Wait, are you?
This isn't even a hard one.
Are you sure something
isn't wrong with your head?
I have exams coming up too,
so why don't I help you out?
Whoa, really?
That'd be a huge help!
[Jangmi] There's no
way he'll ever lose.
[Mira] Charyeok?
(Mori Jin whistles)
Oh damn!
(audience cheering)
I have a dream in my heart.
I want to do work that helps
people who wanna go to school,
but for whatever reason, can't.
I'll use this tournament to
make that dream come true.
I want to get stronger.
If I can get past you,
I'll be that much closer.
Okay, then.
Crush him, Thor's Hammer!
(hammer thuds)
-Daewi, hang in there!
-I can't afford to lose!
-Daewi!
-Not in front of my friends.
Last stance: Azure Dragon!
(rocks crashing)
[Announcer] Winner: Daewi Han!
All right! (laughs)
(Drake panting)
(sword clashing)
(Drake laughs maniacally)
It won't work.
Since we're doing show and
tell, here's my charyeok!
As long as I have this,
I can keep regenerating!
No matter what you do,
it won't work on me!
(blows softly)
Who cares?
(Drake screaming)
(sword clashing)
(tense music)
Who are you two?
(upbeat music)
What's with all of you?
You don't walk into a house
with your shoes still on.
[Drake] Priest Exly!
Priest Saturn, I-
Would you care to explain
what you're doing here, Drake?
We were the ones ordered
to kill the commissioner.
Or did you forget?
Yeah well, I'm a
member of Nox, too.
I'm just as good at carrying
out orders as you two-
If you wanna talk,
do it in hell!
You're very impatient.
National Treasure: Durendal!
(upbeat music)
(weapons whooshing)
Accept God's judgment!
I noticed your
limiter wasn't on,
so I came to check on you.
Looks like things got
pretty lively here.
Touching, but I can
handle this on my own.
(blows softly)
Removing your limiter
without permission
will cost you three months' pay.
Adding that to your
previous penalty,
that's half a year's pay!
Half a year?
The final round will now begin!
Our fighters are Mira
Yoo and Jangmi Jang!
(audience cheering)
These teams are one-and-one.
The team that wins this match
will get to advance
to the second round.
Places!
Ready, go!
(both grunting)
[Jangmi] I knew from the
start that my sword skills
were no match for hers.
Jangmi!
-But...
-C'mon, Jangmi!
This is one fight I can't lose!
(both grunting)
Now you'll witness my charyeok!
Bastard!
-(upbeat music)
-(laser gushes)
(bears squeaking)
(powers clashing)
(glass shatters)
(monsters growls)
Chew your food well, Changsik.
Who the (beep) do you
think you are, maggot!
I'm gonna rip off your (beep)
and shove 'em up your (beep),
got it?
You don't say.
You've got quite
the mouth on you.
(swords clashing)
[Q] Now the finale!
(audience cheering)
Oh man, this is so good!
[Daewi] Don't just take my
lunch and start eating it!
Really, you two?
You don't look concerned
about your teammate.
Nah, she's got this.
I can see it in her eyes.
If we worry about her, we
won't hear the end of it.
Naturally, and in my own way,
I will win and keep
moving forward.
My sword channels that desire.
Moon Light Sword Style,
Number 23: Wind Willow!
Mira Yoo wins the match!
(audience cheering)
You mother (beep)!
Take your (beep) and
go (beep) yourself!
(both screaming)
(swords clashing)
And last but not least,
this one's for Bongsa Sim!
Die!
(glass shatters)
Damn it all. They got away.
(Drake laughs)
Hey, don't ignore me.
The one who's gonna
kill you is me!
(laughs maniacally)
(explosion booms)
(soft music)
Mira Yoo! Mira Yoo!
[Mira] Stop it. You're
embarrassing me.
[Daewi] As we are now,
I doubt that'll happen again.
[Mori] Why're you
squeezing my face?
I'm just cheering
for you. Come on!
You awake there?
Sorry.
I let both of you down.
It's not over yet.
If you don't give up, you can
keep trying again and again.
[Mori] Are you ever gonna stop?
Haven't you punished
my face long enough?
-(people chattering)
-(sirens wailing)
It now appears that
they're truly on the move.
Nox won't stop.
We've been contacted by O.
It appears Q was
attacked by Nox.
The commissioners'
home addresses
were supposedly top secret.
Few had access to them.
We have a traitor among us.
A filthy parasite living
in the tiger's belly.
Also, take a look at this.
Upon closer inspection,
we've determined that this
belonged to Taejin Jin.
We suspect he may
have been abducted
and taken to an
undisclosed location.
[Announcer] Next up is the
first match for Group B:
team South Gyeongsang
versus team North Jeolla!
The first round is between
Taek Jegal and Jugok Jeon!
(audience cheering)
I saw him in some magazine.
Isn't he the Sixsung
Corporation's-
[Guy] Yeah, he's the heir
to a major business empire.
[Announcer] Ready, go!
I don't care what
you think about me.
I will do what I
must to defeat you.
Do re mi fa, fireball-
(flesh gushes)
(upbeat music)
(monster roars)
How dare you!
(Hyangdan groans)
This is no place for a woman.
(tense dramatic music)
Don't!
If you interfere again,
you'll be disqualified.
Don't lose sight of
your plan. Got it?
Well why does he get to?
Stop it.
(laughs) Interesting.
Stop, that's enough!
Further action from
you will be penalized.
Lightning Bolt.
I'm here with the expectations
of my grandfather and family
all riding on my shoulders.
I won't lose to
the likes of you!
Well, your family
won't like this.
(Jugok screaming)
(upbeat music)
♪ When we're together
we're stronger ♪
♪ Let's go all up high
let's go discover ♪
♪ 'Cause we know we
are going to make it ♪
♪ Just believe we
can do this really ♪
♪ We're not alone
or even owned ♪
♪ So now we must
seize this moment ♪
♪ Never hide or never lose ♪
♪ Every time we're
right on target ♪
♪ So let's just keep going ♪
♪ 'Cause we're gonna
keep on winning ♪
♪ Sharing dreams you and me ♪
♪ All the hopes that
we've been waiting ♪
♪ If you reach out
I'll be there for you ♪
♪ There's nothing I
would not do for you ♪
♪ When troubles are coming ♪
♪ We'll fight them all
together not alone ♪
♪ All we do is just win ♪
♪ La la la la la la la la ♪
♪ 'Cause we know
that we'll win ♪
♪ La la la la la la la la ♪
♪ We lift us up high we
help each other to win it ♪
♪ All we do is just win ♪
♪ La la la la la la la la ♪
♪ 'Cause we know
that we'll win ♪
♪ La la la la la la la la ♪